Enable seccompProfile for sidecar containers (#1994)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.27.0.md

- We've adapted memory limits for the Istio controller to handle increased load better and prevent out-of-memory terminations. The new limits are set to 4 Gi of memory and 4 CPU cores.
- We've introduced a VerticalPodAutoscaler (VPA) to automatically adjust resource requests and limits based on observed usage.
- We've added a new OTLP log attribute `network.protocol.name` to the access log provider `kyma-logs`.

> - The Istio proxy sidecar container is now configured with `seccompProfile` type `RuntimeDefault`, restricting the syscalls available to the container and reducing the attack surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Istio proxy sidecar container is now configured with **seccompProfile** of type `RuntimeDefault`, restricting the system calls available to the container and reducing the attack surface.
```
